# SOME DESCRIPTIVE TITLE.
# Copyright (C) 2014-2024, SciPy Conference Organizers
# This file is distributed under the same license as the SciPy Conference package.
# FIRST AUTHOR <EMAIL@ADDRESS>, YEAR.
#
#, fuzzy
msgid ""
msgstr ""
"Project-Id-Version: SciPy Conference 13.0\n"
"Report-Msgid-Bugs-To: \n"
"POT-Creation-Date: 2024-07-14 18:59+0000\n"
"PO-Revision-Date: YEAR-MO-DA HO:MI+ZONE\n"
"Last-Translator: FULL NAME <EMAIL@ADDRESS>\n"
"Language-Team: LANGUAGE <LL@li.org>\n"
"MIME-Version: 1.0\n"
"Content-Type: text/plain; charset=UTF-8\n"
"Content-Transfer-Encoding: 8bit\n"

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:2
msgid "Notes From the SciPy 2018 Post-Con Lunch"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:4
msgid "Notes from the post-con lunch at the end of SciPy 2018. Notes taken by Alexandre Chabot-Leclerc."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:8
msgid "Grab bag"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:10
msgid "Have an \"unconference room\" + hallway track."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:11
msgid "What about an official mentoring or pair programming room/session? Office hours? For people new to Python, or who just need some help. Maybe ask for experienced members of the community to volunteer a few hours during the week to \"staff\" the help room. It's some kind of Help Desk++."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:18
#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/2019-post-con-lunch.rst:100
msgid "Sprints"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:20
msgid "Good to have an actual organization"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:21
msgid "Master spreadsheet was good because it forced sprint leaders to fill out certain details"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:23
msgid "They should be better advertised. Do more work with Communications"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:24
msgid "Don't like the word \"sprints\" (also echoed during the SciPy 2019 BOF). Need a more inclusive name."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:26
msgid "What about a sprint for newcomers to get started? Maybe to work on their own stuff with experienced members of the community. See also the idea of a mentoring program discussed below under Activities."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:29
msgid "Sprint financial aid didn't work well. Not really needed this year. Maybe keep it as an option?"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:34
#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/2019-post-con-lunch.rst:70
#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/bof-for-scipy-2020.rst:86
#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:58
msgid "Tutorials"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:36
msgid "The bar for acceptance is very high. Some proposals are much more fleshed out than others. How to make it inclusive and \"easy\" to get started, without requiring all the materials up front?"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:39
msgid "Tutorials mentorships for more varied applicants?"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:40
msgid "Git reviews?"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:41
msgid "Add link to good past submissions in the submission form."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:42
msgid "Explicitly prompt for timing information in submission form."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:43
msgid "Reach out to more events (with comms), e.g. PyLadies, Meetups, etc."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:44
msgid "Not enough reviews. Co-chairs reviewed all 55 submissions. Each reviewers did 5-6 reviews."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:46
msgid "Prompting for submissions from past attendees and from particular organizations/projects/languages worked great."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:48
msgid "Too many attendees. The rooms were really crowed. How to control? Check badges? Silly hats? Colored lanyards?"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:50
msgid "Could we live stream popular tutorials into another room?"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:54
msgid "Program Committee"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:56
msgid "Repeat of tutorials: The bar for acceptance is very high. Some proposals are much more fleshed out than others. How to make it inclusive and \"easy\" to get started, without requiring all the materials up front?"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:59
msgid "More submissions than last year."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:60
msgid "Stickers + prodding works to get reviews done on time"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:61
msgid "Reduce the number of tracks (see alternating years idea below)"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:62
msgid "Pains with EasyChair (but with ETouches too)"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:63
msgid "We received \"token submissions\" (very weak) from VIPs. We should manage expectations. The submissions should good from everyone. There could be some guidance in the prompt."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:66
msgid "Similarly for reviews; they should have some substance."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:67
msgid "The general track turned out to be less popular than other tracks"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:68
msgid "What about tagging talks instead of tracks?"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:69
msgid "What about having single-talk tracks? It basically guarantees a track under a given name if there's a least one talk."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:71
msgid "Some tracks would need more slots so that there's a critical mass of content for people who would normally not come to SciPy (e.g. some geoscience people). Pair with tutorials for that particular track? Maybe alternate years for certain tracks so there's more space for them? Alternate between US and EU? The downside is that we might attract more people from a given field, but not from new fields."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:77
msgid "What about entirely open process (public), e.g., Github? Not just double open? There are concerns for GDPR."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:82
msgid "\"Movement\" & Logistics"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:84
msgid "Rooms were far from each other, which negatively affected the \"hallway track\". Could we use the 100 floor?"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:86
msgid "The poster sessions conflicts with the job fair. Turn the poster session into more of an event? Drinks? Even more posters?"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:91
#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/2019-post-con-lunch.rst:160
msgid "Proceedings"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:93
msgid "4 people is good"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:94
msgid "Build server is great"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:95
msgid "Starting early was good"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:96
msgid "Not enough reviewers, some people didn't do their reviews"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:97
msgid "Could abstract reviewers also be paper reviewers? Probably a big ask."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:98
msgid "At prestigious computer conferences, there's a technical committee who takes care of all the reviews. They're invited. It's a prestigious position. Maybe try something similar? Put the members' names on the website? There's a concern that it may affect the path from contributor to be involved in the proceedings committee. Maybe give different titles to people on the committee? Editors, Committee Chairs, etc."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:104
msgid "Get more people involved in the development [of the toolchain?]."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:108
#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/2019-post-con-lunch.rst:111
msgid "Financial Aid"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:110
msgid "Eric hand-built a submission reviewing system (he doesn't recommend doing that)"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:112
msgid "The expanded submission form was very valuable, but it was also more intimidating. It seems like a zero-sum game: too many boxes lead to fewer applicants."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:115
msgid "Focus on financial aid as a way of bringing in new people (?) in addition to bringing in members of the community who would otherwise not be able to attend."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:118
msgid "How to get more money?"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:119
msgid "How to manage financial aid for speakers? Should they get it automatically or not? Should the funds be separate? Timing with the talk acceptance is also tricky."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:125
#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/2019-post-con-lunch.rst:50
msgid "Activities"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:127
msgid "80 people signed up for Broken Spoke, 55 on bus + others with other means of transportation"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:129
msgid "General organization started too late"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:130
msgid "Vislab was super popular"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:131
msgid "More planning of some mentoring program. Ideas were: early career mentoring, new-to-python mentoring, and new-to-SciPy mentoring."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:133
msgid "Clarify with committee members about the implications of being on the activities committee (tasks, deadlines, number of people, etc.)"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:138
#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/bof-for-scipy-2020.rst:63
msgid "Sponsors"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:140
msgid "Send sponsorship packages earlier in the year because of the timing with which some companies set their budgets."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:142
msgid "Offer doing interview with possible candidates during SciPy to gold sponsors"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:146
#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/2019-post-con-lunch.rst:176
#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/bof-for-scipy-2020.rst:48
msgid "Diversity"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:148
msgid "Meetups were good"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:149
msgid "BoFs were great"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:150
msgid "Do more, earlier communications"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:151
msgid "Good discussions happened on Slack and during talks"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:152
msgid "Some people didn't actually help even thought they said they would. How to get more dedicated committee members?"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:154
msgid "Offer diversity scholarships?"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:155
msgid "Schedule diversity BoFs in large room after big talk, so they have more exposure, and more would likely attend."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:160
#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/2019-post-con-lunch.rst:62
msgid "Communications"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:162
msgid "Reach out to more underrepresented communities"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:163
msgid "The spreadsheet was really useful"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:164
msgid "Do more thorough follow up"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:168
msgid "About the physical program"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:170
msgid "Don't use two different sections about financial aid. Maybe differentiate them with footnotes?"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/index.rst:2
msgid "Notes from SciPy 2018"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/2019-post-con-lunch.rst:2
msgid "Notes From the SciPy 2019 Post-Con Lunch"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/2019-post-con-lunch.rst:4
msgid "Notes from the post-con lunch that happened on July 12, 2019. Notes taken by Alexandre Chabot-Leclerc."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/2019-post-con-lunch.rst:7
msgid "To Grow / Not Grow?"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/2019-post-con-lunch.rst:9
msgid "Maybe we do not grow, and let other conferences emerge?"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/2019-post-con-lunch.rst:10
msgid "Maybe stream popular talks/tutorials from one room to the other?"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/2019-post-con-lunch.rst:11
msgid "Don't market the event too much because it's full already."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/2019-post-con-lunch.rst:12
msgid "Maybe alternate years? East/West Coast?"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/2019-post-con-lunch.rst:13
msgid "Use more floors in the AT&T Center? But that makes it hard to walk around."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/2019-post-con-lunch.rst:14
msgid "Invite/Organize a co-conferences in the same venue?"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/2019-post-con-lunch.rst:15
msgid "Have a data science/machine learning track in a different room? That would probably mean that some tracks will be more competitive than others"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/2019-post-con-lunch.rst:19
msgid "General"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/2019-post-con-lunch.rst:21
msgid "Each year, only invite current organizers to the Organizer Slack"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/2019-post-con-lunch.rst:22
msgid "Maybe assign floater cochair to help commities who lose cochairs?"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/2019-post-con-lunch.rst:23
msgid "Schedule a hangout about EasyChair with Gil (or whoever has most knowledge) about how to do different things during the 2020 kickoff meeting"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/2019-post-con-lunch.rst:25
msgid "Give Admin access EasyChair to at least one tutorial co-chair so they can send reviews to the authors."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/2019-post-con-lunch.rst:27
msgid "We need more incentives for reviewers. Every committee could use more reviewers"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/2019-post-con-lunch.rst:29
msgid "Tools plannary is great"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/2019-post-con-lunch.rst:30
msgid "collect an estimated attendance numbers for talks"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/2019-post-con-lunch.rst:31
msgid "Print signs saying \"please be mindful when to enter the room I would talk is happening\""
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/2019-post-con-lunch.rst:33
msgid "Add descriptions of mini symposia to the program, and next to the rooms"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/2019-post-con-lunch.rst:36
msgid "Code Of Conduct"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/2019-post-con-lunch.rst:38
msgid "Remind people that Slack is covered by the Code of Conduct"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/2019-post-con-lunch.rst:39
msgid "Ask people to send feedback about the tutorials to the chairs to prevent awkward and innapropriate feedback from attendees."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/2019-post-con-lunch.rst:42
msgid "Explicitly cover this issue in the code of conduct"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/2019-post-con-lunch.rst:44
msgid "For Code of Conduct violation, have trained volunteers with bright orange shirts to whom people can report violations (inspire by what PyCon does)"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/2019-post-con-lunch.rst:46
msgid "Provided a phone number and email address where violations can be reported"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/2019-post-con-lunch.rst:47
msgid "To have one CoC volunteer per room"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/2019-post-con-lunch.rst:52
msgid "The committee could use a third remember"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/2019-post-con-lunch.rst:53
msgid "The Pinballz staff was helpful"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/2019-post-con-lunch.rst:54
msgid "Mentorship program"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/2019-post-con-lunch.rst:56
msgid "Asked about mentors and mentees in the sign-up form"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/2019-post-con-lunch.rst:57
msgid "There were 45 mentees and 115 mentors"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/2019-post-con-lunch.rst:58
msgid "The committee manually matched people. They needed a lots of web searches because most people didn't list their interests/expertises in the form."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/2019-post-con-lunch.rst:64
msgid "Having a second person would be better"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/2019-post-con-lunch.rst:65
msgid "The role should be better defined"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/2019-post-con-lunch.rst:66
msgid "Ask the keynote presenters for, at least, their title slide so it can be used to tweet about them."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/2019-post-con-lunch.rst:72
msgid "Why were there so many tutorials on one topic?"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/2019-post-con-lunch.rst:73
msgid "There was a lack of communication between cochairs?"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/2019-post-con-lunch.rst:74
msgid "Extends the definition of core package?"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/2019-post-con-lunch.rst:75
msgid "Being mindful of people who are trying to sell their stuff"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/2019-post-con-lunch.rst:76
msgid "Maybe give a consequence to people selling their stuff. Maybe block them for the next year?"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/2019-post-con-lunch.rst:78
msgid "Our 28 tutorials good or not?"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/2019-post-con-lunch.rst:79
msgid "There were some no-shows on for some sold-out tutorials. Try to allow people to cancel so we don't hold a spot for no-shows."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/2019-post-con-lunch.rst:81
msgid "We need more reviewers. That would reduce noise in reviews."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/2019-post-con-lunch.rst:82
msgid "Be clear to reviewer is that the reviews will be shared with the authors. It's a double Open process."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/2019-post-con-lunch.rst:84
msgid "Schedule a \"review count check\" a few days before the end of the review period to make sure all tutorials have enough reviews."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/2019-post-con-lunch.rst:86
msgid "Share good review examples for next year."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/2019-post-con-lunch.rst:87
msgid "This year we shared goods submissions examples, with permissions from the author, and it was very well received. Do through this year's list and consider asking more authors to sahre their proposal."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/2019-post-con-lunch.rst:90
msgid "When creating the program, maybe give less attention to numbers or at least include review her confidence. This requires a strong editorial process, which is not bias-free though."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/2019-post-con-lunch.rst:93
msgid "Sanitize reviews before sending back to authors."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/2019-post-con-lunch.rst:94
msgid "Email all tutorial attendees that all feedback and feedback should go to through tutorial chairs. Ask for feedback from presenters. Direct messages are weird."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/2019-post-con-lunch.rst:102
msgid "The committee tried _not_ doing the \"How to contribute\" tutorial in the morning of the Sprints, instead of doing it on Friday as a BoF during lunch."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/2019-post-con-lunch.rst:104
msgid "They sent the materials ahead of time."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/2019-post-con-lunch.rst:105
msgid "The Sprints could use more visibility. Many attendees didn't know they exists. Maybe put the sprints in the official conference schedule, make it more obvious on the website somehow."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/2019-post-con-lunch.rst:113
msgid "Targeting financial for the sprints didn't work so well. We wanted to get the key core developers to  attend  the sprints but no one was interested. People who want to come will come anyway. It seems that many of those core maintainers are not grad students anymore and can afford coming anyway. Or maybe people don't apply because they don't know ahead of time what's going to happened."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/2019-post-con-lunch.rst:119
msgid "The quality of the submissions was way up."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/2019-post-con-lunch.rst:120
msgid "Having a good scoring helped to find backups when someone withdrew their request for financial aid."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/2019-post-con-lunch.rst:122
msgid "Thanks a lot to sponsors! Your help is amazing!"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/2019-post-con-lunch.rst:126
msgid "Program"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/2019-post-con-lunch.rst:128
msgid "The program committee needs at least a third cochair"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/2019-post-con-lunch.rst:129
msgid "The program committee really needs three _active_ members."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/2019-post-con-lunch.rst:130
msgid "Encourage people to submit talks to Tracks and Symposia instead of General"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/2019-post-con-lunch.rst:131
msgid "We need a definitive way to move talks from one track to another"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/2019-post-con-lunch.rst:132
msgid "Should we limit to one talk per person? Maybe restrict on 1st author?"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/2019-post-con-lunch.rst:133
msgid "Could track chairs review submissions for things that would fit in their track or does not fit in their track?"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/2019-post-con-lunch.rst:135
msgid "Add a checkbox on the sign-up form saying \"are you willing to review?\" to gather more reviewers."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/2019-post-con-lunch.rst:137
msgid "Be cognizant of junior reviewing seniors. Suggest being neutral in the public comment, and to put the more serious feedback on the section read only by the chairs."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/2019-post-con-lunch.rst:140
msgid "Formally disallow time changes to the schedule. It's too hard to manage."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/2019-post-con-lunch.rst:141
msgid "What is the place of established packages when submitting talks? We need to make it clear that seniority is not enough. Talks should be judged on the quality of the proposal."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/2019-post-con-lunch.rst:146
msgid "Posters"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/2019-post-con-lunch.rst:148
msgid "50 posters this year"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/2019-post-con-lunch.rst:149
msgid "Formally request that posters are submitted to proceedings."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/2019-post-con-lunch.rst:150
msgid "We'd like to increase the prominence of posters:"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/2019-post-con-lunch.rst:152
msgid "Maybe give the chance of a lightning talk too poster presenters? So we can increase engagements."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/2019-post-con-lunch.rst:154
msgid "Create a best poster award?"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/2019-post-con-lunch.rst:155
msgid "Put the posters \"in the way to somewhere\" so people are forced to interact with them"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/2019-post-con-lunch.rst:157
msgid "Organize the poster session where the reception is."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/2019-post-con-lunch.rst:162
msgid "The proceedings were released one week before the conference!!"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/2019-post-con-lunch.rst:163
msgid "We've issued to DOI's for everything published since 2015!!"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/2019-post-con-lunch.rst:164
msgid "We're trying to publish slides and posters for SciPy 2019."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/2019-post-con-lunch.rst:165
msgid "There's been an 80% attrition rate for paper reviewers. How to prevent this? Provide more incentives? Maybe guarantee a spot of the conference?"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/2019-post-con-lunch.rst:167
msgid "Set up a RST linter on GitHub to simplify submission process. Or maybe change to a different format?"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/2019-post-con-lunch.rst:169
msgid "Dillon has done a great job of passing info to the co-chairs, with extensive notes!!"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/2019-post-con-lunch.rst:171
msgid "Should papers be submitted at the same time as the abstracts to provide more time for the reviewers?"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/2019-post-con-lunch.rst:173
msgid "Maybe requests that's submitters review at least one paper?"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/2019-post-con-lunch.rst:178
msgid "This committee needs two people."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/2019-post-con-lunch.rst:179
msgid "The committee needs more support and direction from the organizing side to list things that need to happen, when, and where."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/2019-post-con-lunch.rst:181
msgid "Julie H was very helpful."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/2019-post-con-lunch.rst:182
msgid "They got to do everything they wanted."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/2019-post-con-lunch.rst:183
msgid "Maybe have two Diversity lunches? or do it in a larger room? (It'll likely be in the ballroom next year). Some people didn't manage to attend, even if there were no-shows."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/2019-post-con-lunch.rst:189
msgid "Bird of a Feathers (BoFs)"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/2019-post-con-lunch.rst:191
msgid "Highlights that BoFs are *for two-way communication*. It is not a presentation. They're community events."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/2019-post-con-lunch.rst:193
msgid "Maybe define what a BoF *is not*?"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/2019-post-con-lunch.rst:194
msgid "The committee created a Gmail account that can be passed to the next organizers. (Great idea!)"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/2019-post-con-lunch.rst:196
msgid "BoFs needs a description of what it is everywhere they are mentioned (website, program, etc.). Many people don't know what they are."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/2019-post-con-lunch.rst:198
msgid "Should we have two-part BoFs, maybe with something on the weekend (during Sprints), or on Tuesday afternoon?"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/2019-post-con-lunch.rst:200
msgid "Feedback for the intro at the beginning there every day, before the Keynote. The way the BoFs were announced made them sound as less important than they are. A suggestion for the wording was something along the lines of: \"There is a one-hour break for lunch, then there are BoFs, and then there's the plenary session.\" Instead of saying \"There's a two hour lunch break\", which means that some people assuming the BoFs are second-class citizens."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/bof-for-scipy-2020.rst:2
msgid "Notes from the SciPy 2020 BoF"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/bof-for-scipy-2020.rst:4
msgid "Notes from the Birds of a Feather session on Friday, July 12, 2019, to gather ideas for SciPy 2020."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/bof-for-scipy-2020.rst:8
msgid "Grow or not?"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/bof-for-scipy-2020.rst:10
msgid "We love this space. It's a great venue."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/bof-for-scipy-2020.rst:11
msgid "It's easier to see people over and over again throughout the week because the conference is not too big."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/bof-for-scipy-2020.rst:13
msgid "Maybe have multiple ticket types? For example academics, students, single tickets, corporate, etc., with different constraints or numbers. Grace Hopper conference does this."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/bof-for-scipy-2020.rst:16
msgid "Have more tracks?"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/bof-for-scipy-2020.rst:17
msgid "Try to guess which talks will be large so they're in a larger room."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/bof-for-scipy-2020.rst:18
msgid "Try streaming popular talks into overflow rooms."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/bof-for-scipy-2020.rst:19
msgid "There's no desire to cap the size of the conference."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/bof-for-scipy-2020.rst:20
msgid "The hotel was sold out for many nights"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/bof-for-scipy-2020.rst:21
msgid "If the conference grows, we will need an other way to move posters, and increase engagement with them."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/bof-for-scipy-2020.rst:25
msgid "Grab Bag"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/bof-for-scipy-2020.rst:27
msgid "Give a different name to volunteers? Fellows? \"Would you serve as a committee member\"? \"Would you lead...\"? To increase the number of people who join the committees."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/bof-for-scipy-2020.rst:30
msgid "The five minutes time between talk work for some people but didn't for others."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/bof-for-scipy-2020.rst:32
msgid "Ask people if they want to submit their contact information to a registry to facilitate contacting people who had you have interactions with (this is actually provided by Slack)"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/bof-for-scipy-2020.rst:35
msgid "People loved the program and the paper schedule. Could we add a one line description to the schedule, in addition to titles? Would it fit?"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/bof-for-scipy-2020.rst:37
msgid "Could we make the schedule horizontally as a single thing, instead of over two pages?"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/bof-for-scipy-2020.rst:39
msgid "Assert that the WiFi will work for attendees with their particular technical requirements"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/bof-for-scipy-2020.rst:41
msgid "Could talks be shorter? 15 to 20 minutes? Maybe not, that would require cutting a lot of \"how the sausage is made.\" If we do, how would we use the extra time? More talks, or do something else?"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/bof-for-scipy-2020.rst:44
msgid "Slight larger restrooms"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/bof-for-scipy-2020.rst:50
msgid "Increase the size of the Diversity luncheon."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/bof-for-scipy-2020.rst:51
msgid "The impromptu second diverse city luncheon was great."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/bof-for-scipy-2020.rst:54
msgid "Poster Sessions"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/bof-for-scipy-2020.rst:56
msgid "Many people would like posters to have a more important presence."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/bof-for-scipy-2020.rst:57
msgid "Maybe do odd/even, or split them up. We need something to make posters a first class citizen."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/bof-for-scipy-2020.rst:59
msgid "Could we do the poster session during catered lunch? We should be careful that it doesn't overlap with the diversity luncheon."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/bof-for-scipy-2020.rst:65
msgid "Sponsored tables are not in a great location to have impromptu interactions. Maybe move them downstairs along the flow of people between the ballroom and the smaller rooms?"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/bof-for-scipy-2020.rst:70
msgid "Birds of a feather (BoF)"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/bof-for-scipy-2020.rst:72
msgid "We might have lost something by pre-organizing all the birds of feather sessions. Maybe bring back Impromptu boss and advertise that rooms are available for them."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/bof-for-scipy-2020.rst:78
msgid "Submission process"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/bof-for-scipy-2020.rst:80
msgid "Maybe make more obviously the people have submitted a talk for a poster in the confirmation email. A presenter taught their proposal was accepted as a talk but only realized a few weeks before the conference that it was actually a poster."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/bof-for-scipy-2020.rst:88
msgid "There are concerns about some fundamental tutorials not having been excepted given that some more pointed tutorials were."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/bof-for-scipy-2020.rst:90
msgid "Some people suggest giving more power to the tutorials committee to select tutorials. Some other people worry that it would give the tutorial committee too much power."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/bof-for-scipy-2020.rst:93
msgid "maybe creative intermediate track?"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/bof-for-scipy-2020.rst:94
msgid "increase outreach for underrepresented communities to teach tutorials. Review who has talked at PyLadies, PyCon, PyData, and ask them to submit tutorials."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/bof-for-scipy-2020.rst:96
msgid "could we increase the number of tutorials even more?"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/bof-for-scipy-2020.rst:97
msgid "Be more explicit about the possibility of full-day tutorials."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/bof-for-scipy-2020.rst:98
msgid "Backspace encourage trial applicants period"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/bof-for-scipy-2020.rst:101
msgid "Lightning talks"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/bof-for-scipy-2020.rst:103
msgid "Space get an HDMI switcher or two podiums so one presenter can get ready while the other one is presenting."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2019/index.rst:2
msgid "Notes from SciPy 2019"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:2
msgid "Notes from the SciPy 2023 BoF"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:4
msgid "Notes from the Birds of a Feather session on Friday, July 15, 2022, to gather feedback for SciPy 2022 and ideas for SciPy 2023."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:7
msgid "Keynote"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:9
msgid "Andrej Karpathy (director of artificial intelligence tesla)"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:10
msgid "Someone from CZI/Chan Zuckerberg Biohub"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:11
msgid "Someone who has the history of SciPy/stack"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:12
msgid "Sarah Hooker - fairness in AI"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:13
msgid "Joy Buolamwini"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:14
msgid "Rachel Thomas?"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:15
msgid "History of computing"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:16
msgid "Historian of science or technology"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:17
msgid "Katy Huff (Department of Energy)"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:18
msgid "Matthew Brett"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:19
msgid "Nadia (Eghbal) Asparouhova"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:20
msgid "Kyle Cranmner"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:21
msgid "Matthew Feickert contact"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:22
msgid "Josh Bloom"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:23
msgid "Joseph DeRisi, or someone from the Chan Zuckerberg Biohub."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:24
msgid "They were instrumental in the early covid testing capacity in California and the US. Learned about him in Michael Lewis' The Premonition."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:25
msgid "Brad Voytek at UCSD"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:26
msgid "Very cool neuro work, mostly in Python"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:27
msgid "`https://voyteklab.com/ <https://voyteklab.com/&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1668443480169558&usg=AOvVaw3DKon2dFiLg6OBvrTWkFnS>`_"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:28
msgid "`https://voyteklab.com/code <https://voyteklab.com/code&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1668443480169829&usg=AOvVaw0c-fdsUOPtFNAh0tmGkOCx>`_"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:29
msgid "and a course taught with Ashely Juavinett on Neural Data Science"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:30
msgid "`https://github.com/BIPN162 <https://github.com/BIPN162&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1668443480170144&usg=AOvVaw0ggki2PRR3KG2MhwjORGj3>`_"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:31
msgid "https://voyteklab.com/data%20science/neural-data-science/"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:32
msgid "Olivia Guest"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:33
msgid "`https://oliviaguest.com/ <https://oliviaguest.com/&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1668443480170573&usg=AOvVaw0F0POPG687WHG21XZFaBwn>`_"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:34
msgid "has a ton of good, provocative ideas about the relationships between theory <-> models <-> code"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:35
msgid "`https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=67X0TpnQeO0&t=4s <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v%3D67X0TpnQeO0%26t%3D4s&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1668443480170955&usg=AOvVaw2m3dQ--nfAkjAGyeZ5ObXR>`_"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:36
msgid "topic editor at JOSS on comp. cog. Neuro and has been very involved with initiatives like ReScience C"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:39
msgid "Tracks and Mini-Symposia"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:41
msgid "Machine Learning needs to be a track, otherwise it takes over all the other tracks"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:42
msgid "A track not in English. Spanish?"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:43
msgid "Live captioned/live translated."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:44
msgid "Physics & Astronomy"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:45
msgid "Social Sciences / Computational Social Science & Digital Humanities"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:46
msgid "Matthias Bussonier has a contact who could be chair"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:47
msgid "Education summit (pycon) - how to teach scientific stack"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:48
msgid "Teen Track"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:49
msgid "Maintainers Track / Community track"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:50
msgid "Building your community"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:51
msgid "Governance"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:52
msgid "Packaging and sharing"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:53
msgid "Life sciences / Neurology"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:54
msgid "Shorter talks: 20+5 or 15+3"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:55
msgid "BoFs and Lightning Talks all of Friday"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:60
msgid "Topics"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:61
msgid "Invite specific presenters to force balance"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:62
msgid "Feedback"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:63
msgid "Machine learning in particular (GPU resource donation); cloud compute and resources"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:64
msgid "Binder is used heavily; should we donate to them?"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:65
msgid "Which tutorial is advanced/beginner? Not clear this year"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:66
msgid "Have a learner persona for each tutorial"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:67
msgid "Guidance for tutorial presenters, recommendations about what is successful"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:68
msgid "Binder driven tutorials eliminates problems"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:69
msgid "Reviewing is easier to do with binder as well"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:70
msgid "Should we \"mandate\" this?"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:71
msgid "Matthew Feickert"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:72
msgid "RE: using Binder, the PyHEP conferences use Binder each year. I'm the contact for PyHEP to Binder and the workflow that they have requested we useis:"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:73
msgid "Have a representative of your org come to the Jupyter/Binder monthly meetings and make a request"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:74
msgid "Have a representative of your org make the PRs to update pod allocations for the days that are needed about a day before and then remove them when they are done"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:75
msgid "If you can, try to monitor usage to ensure that that you aren't going to overwhelm the resources you requested"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:76
msgid "They don't want money but they want you to explicitly mention that you're using them and show slides"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:79
msgid "Hybrid"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:81
msgid "Funneling questions through Slack levels the playing field"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:82
msgid "Ask in person - can clarify question or have a dialogue"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:83
msgid "Alternate between in person and in slack"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:84
msgid "Many conflicting ideas/feedback on this topic"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:85
msgid "In-person, online, and interaction between the two"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:86
msgid "Pre-recorded talks, played/broadcasted in a dedicated room, with presenter in-person to answer questions"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:87
msgid "Presenter can also respond to slack questions during the talk if the talk is pre recorded"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:88
msgid "First time we did virtual, we did prerecorded and elected to not do it the next year because it was very disengaging"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:89
msgid "Not engaging to have people just sitting and watching a screen"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:90
msgid "Need a person or a dialogue in the room"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:91
msgid "Virtual poster session concurrently with live poster session"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:92
msgid "Some posters did not get any feedback on the posters they worked hard to make"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:93
msgid "Hard to know where the virtual session was and where to \"put\" the posters"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:94
msgid "Rethinking model"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:95
msgid "Neuromatch conference - distributed local meetings - watch party to go gather and watch together `xref <https://anneurai.net/2022/01/20/2046/&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1668443480176069&usg=AOvVaw1ov2uGb8lJHleKIeU4-FII>`_ (see bof-virtual-vs-hybrid)"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:96
msgid "Would a poster session in gather town work for virtual posters?"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:97
msgid "Linux was terrible on gather town (crashed every time tried to open/close a poster)"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:100
msgid "Diversity Efforts"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:102
msgid "Accessibility - live captioning/translation"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:103
msgid "Sponsor for this specifically"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:106
msgid "General Feedback"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:108
msgid "Younger or less polished tutorials so people aren't afraid to be first time presenters"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:109
msgid "Example: Lightning talks in years past were created 10 min before the talk; this year a lot of them were polished so newcomers may expect to have to prepare well in advance (intimidating)"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:110
msgid "As a follow-up to @Matthias Bussonnier's comments about re-lowering the bar so that folks feel comfortable to create \"crappy\" last-minute lightning talks, perhaps offering one lightning talk session that is not recorded and posted to YouTube could help there. People might feel less pressure to create a polished talk."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:111
msgid "Give a talk or BoF or mini-symposia"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:112
msgid "Help people getting started on speaking or presenting at SciPy"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:113
msgid "Feedback mechanism for all"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:114
msgid "How did you do on the tutorials; posters; BoFs etc."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:115
msgid "Pass this information onto future chairs"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:116
msgid "Historical trends should be considered (not the same people over and over)"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:117
msgid "Badges with names on both sides"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:118
msgid "Github handle and twitter handle"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:119
msgid "Avatar as well"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:120
msgid "Pronoun stickers that are much more visible"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:121
msgid "Maintainers track should be able to submit to proceedings"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:122
msgid "Mini-sprint track mid-week (can't stay through the weekend)"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:123
msgid "History breadcrumb - sprints used to be at the start but those leading the sprints were giving the talks/tutorials so the sprints never happened"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:124
msgid "Sprints moved to end of conference for this reason"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:125
msgid "Diversity luncheon elevated to keynote not a lunch"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:126
msgid "Just repeating the idea here of updating / maintaining the docs to help with knowledge transfer `https://github.com/scipy-conference/scipy-conference <https://github.com/scipy-conference/scipy-conference&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1668443480178429&usg=AOvVaw3780mbQ1Illc6F6IV_VjH1>`_ (this haven't been touched for 3 years)"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:127
msgid "Maybe this could also include"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:128
msgid "Calendars"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:129
msgid "Checklists"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:130
msgid "And maybe this could be a thing we do at a \"SciPy 2023 kickoff sprint\" in early fall"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:131
msgid "Should we re-visit the \"mini-symposia\" naming convention?"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:132
msgid "Drop the name call it track; some cross cutting and some distinct"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:135
msgid "BoFs"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:137
msgid "PyCon \"open spaces\" idea (throw a topic on the board and discuss)"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:138
msgid "Mixture of both (pre-selected and open spaces)"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:139
msgid "More BoFs submitted than what we had sessions for"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:140
msgid "Can you do a \"grassroots\" approach; even if you didn't get selected as an \"official\" BoF gather and meet (free rooms)"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:143
msgid "Mentorship Program"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:145
msgid "69 participants (virtual + in person)"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:146
msgid "Some in person connected with virtual attendees"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:147
msgid "Good to have some people connect at the start of the conference if they didn't know anyone coming"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:148
msgid "Send out a survey to gather feedback"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/bof-for-scipy-2023.rst:149
msgid "Mentors came back and said they had good sessions"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2022/index.rst:2
msgid "Notes from SciPy 2022"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/index.rst:2
msgid "Yearly Notes"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/index.rst:4
msgid "Notes collected during each SciPy Conference"
msgstr ""
