# SOME DESCRIPTIVE TITLE.
# Copyright (C) 2014-2024, SciPy Conference Organizers
# This file is distributed under the same license as the SciPy Conference package.
# FIRST AUTHOR <EMAIL@ADDRESS>, YEAR.
# 
#, fuzzy
msgid ""
msgstr ""
"Project-Id-Version: SciPy Conference 13.0\n"
"Report-Msgid-Bugs-To: \n"
"POT-Creation-Date: 2024-12-02 21:38+0000\n"
"PO-Revision-Date: 2024-12-02 21:38+0000\n"
"Language-Team: Japanese (https://app.transifex.com/tkoyama010/teams/195474/ja/)\n"
"MIME-Version: 1.0\n"
"Content-Type: text/plain; charset=UTF-8\n"
"Content-Transfer-Encoding: 8bit\n"
"Language: ja\n"
"Plural-Forms: nplurals=1; plural=0;\n"

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:2
msgid "Notes From the SciPy 2018 Post-Con Lunch"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:4
msgid ""
"Notes from the post-con lunch at the end of SciPy 2018. Notes taken by "
"Alexandre Chabot-Leclerc."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:8
msgid "Grab bag"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:10
msgid "Have an \"unconference room\" + hallway track."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:11
msgid ""
"What about an official mentoring or pair programming room/session? Office "
"hours? For people new to Python, or who just need some help. Maybe ask for "
"experienced members of the community to volunteer a few hours during the "
"week to \"staff\" the help room. It's some kind of Help Desk++."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:18
msgid "Sprints"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:20
msgid "Good to have an actual organization"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:21
msgid ""
"Master spreadsheet was good because it forced sprint leaders to fill out "
"certain details"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:23
msgid "They should be better advertised. Do more work with Communications"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:24
msgid ""
"Don't like the word \"sprints\" (also echoed during the SciPy 2019 BOF). "
"Need a more inclusive name."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:26
msgid ""
"What about a sprint for newcomers to get started? Maybe to work on their own"
" stuff with experienced members of the community. See also the idea of a "
"mentoring program discussed below under Activities."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:29
msgid ""
"Sprint financial aid didn't work well. Not really needed this year. Maybe "
"keep it as an option?"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:34
msgid "Tutorials"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:36
msgid ""
"The bar for acceptance is very high. Some proposals are much more fleshed "
"out than others. How to make it inclusive and \"easy\" to get started, "
"without requiring all the materials up front?"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:39
msgid "Tutorials mentorships for more varied applicants?"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:40
msgid "Git reviews?"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:41
msgid "Add link to good past submissions in the submission form."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:42
msgid "Explicitly prompt for timing information in submission form."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:43
msgid "Reach out to more events (with comms), e.g. PyLadies, Meetups, etc."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:44
msgid ""
"Not enough reviews. Co-chairs reviewed all 55 submissions. Each reviewers "
"did 5-6 reviews."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:46
msgid ""
"Prompting for submissions from past attendees and from particular "
"organizations/projects/languages worked great."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:48
msgid ""
"Too many attendees. The rooms were really crowed. How to control? Check "
"badges? Silly hats? Colored lanyards?"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:50
msgid "Could we live stream popular tutorials into another room?"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:54
msgid "Program Committee"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:56
msgid ""
"Repeat of tutorials: The bar for acceptance is very high. Some proposals are"
" much more fleshed out than others. How to make it inclusive and \"easy\" to"
" get started, without requiring all the materials up front?"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:59
msgid "More submissions than last year."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:60
msgid "Stickers + prodding works to get reviews done on time"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:61
msgid "Reduce the number of tracks (see alternating years idea below)"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:62
msgid "Pains with EasyChair (but with ETouches too)"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:63
msgid ""
"We received \"token submissions\" (very weak) from VIPs. We should manage "
"expectations. The submissions should good from everyone. There could be some"
" guidance in the prompt."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:66
msgid "Similarly for reviews; they should have some substance."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:67
msgid "The general track turned out to be less popular than other tracks"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:68
msgid "What about tagging talks instead of tracks?"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:69
msgid ""
"What about having single-talk tracks? It basically guarantees a track under "
"a given name if there's a least one talk."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:71
msgid ""
"Some tracks would need more slots so that there's a critical mass of content"
" for people who would normally not come to SciPy (e.g. some geoscience "
"people). Pair with tutorials for that particular track? Maybe alternate "
"years for certain tracks so there's more space for them? Alternate between "
"US and EU? The downside is that we might attract more people from a given "
"field, but not from new fields."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:77
msgid ""
"What about entirely open process (public), e.g., Github? Not just double "
"open? There are concerns for GDPR."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:82
msgid "\"Movement\" & Logistics"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:84
msgid ""
"Rooms were far from each other, which negatively affected the \"hallway "
"track\". Could we use the 100 floor?"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:86
msgid ""
"The poster sessions conflicts with the job fair. Turn the poster session "
"into more of an event? Drinks? Even more posters?"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:91
msgid "Proceedings"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:93
msgid "4 people is good"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:94
msgid "Build server is great"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:95
msgid "Starting early was good"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:96
msgid "Not enough reviewers, some people didn't do their reviews"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:97
msgid "Could abstract reviewers also be paper reviewers? Probably a big ask."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:98
msgid ""
"At prestigious computer conferences, there's a technical committee who takes"
" care of all the reviews. They're invited. It's a prestigious position. "
"Maybe try something similar? Put the members' names on the website? There's "
"a concern that it may affect the path from contributor to be involved in the"
" proceedings committee. Maybe give different titles to people on the "
"committee? Editors, Committee Chairs, etc."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:104
msgid "Get more people involved in the development [of the toolchain?]."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:108
msgid "Financial Aid"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:110
msgid ""
"Eric hand-built a submission reviewing system (he doesn't recommend doing "
"that)"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:112
msgid ""
"The expanded submission form was very valuable, but it was also more "
"intimidating. It seems like a zero-sum game: too many boxes lead to fewer "
"applicants."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:115
msgid ""
"Focus on financial aid as a way of bringing in new people (?) in addition to"
" bringing in members of the community who would otherwise not be able to "
"attend."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:118
msgid "How to get more money?"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:119
msgid ""
"How to manage financial aid for speakers? Should they get it automatically "
"or not? Should the funds be separate? Timing with the talk acceptance is "
"also tricky."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:125
msgid "Activities"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:127
msgid ""
"80 people signed up for Broken Spoke, 55 on bus + others with other means of"
" transportation"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:129
msgid "General organization started too late"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:130
msgid "Vislab was super popular"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:131
msgid ""
"More planning of some mentoring program. Ideas were: early career mentoring,"
" new-to-python mentoring, and new-to-SciPy mentoring."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:133
msgid ""
"Clarify with committee members about the implications of being on the "
"activities committee (tasks, deadlines, number of people, etc.)"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:138
msgid "Sponsors"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:140
msgid ""
"Send sponsorship packages earlier in the year because of the timing with "
"which some companies set their budgets."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:142
msgid ""
"Offer doing interview with possible candidates during SciPy to gold sponsors"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:146
msgid "Diversity"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:148
msgid "Meetups were good"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:149
msgid "BoFs were great"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:150
msgid "Do more, earlier communications"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:151
msgid "Good discussions happened on Slack and during talks"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:152
msgid ""
"Some people didn't actually help even thought they said they would. How to "
"get more dedicated committee members?"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:154
msgid "Offer diversity scholarships?"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:155
msgid ""
"Schedule diversity BoFs in large room after big talk, so they have more "
"exposure, and more would likely attend."
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:160
msgid "Communications"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:162
msgid "Reach out to more underrepresented communities"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:163
msgid "The spreadsheet was really useful"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:164
msgid "Do more thorough follow up"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:168
msgid "About the physical program"
msgstr ""

#: ../../scipy-conference/yearly-notes/2018/2018-post-con-lunch.rst:170
msgid ""
"Don't use two different sections about financial aid. Maybe differentiate "
"them with footnotes?"
msgstr ""
